Migrate 4 videos to Git LFS and document LFS setup (#378)
posit-dev/positron-docs: README.md

This repository uses [Git LFS](https://git-lfs.com/) to store large files such as videos. Make sure you have Git LFS installed before cloning.

> If you see phantom diffs on video files you didn't change, it usually means those files were committed outside of LFS. Run `git add <file>` to re-add them through the LFS filter, then commit the result.

Reviewer: The current wording tells contributors to `git add` and commit the file, but on a fresh clone that actually rewrites the stored blob into an LFS pointer, which is a real change to history rather than local cleanup. A contributor who just wants a clean tree could end up slipping an LFS migration into an unrelated PR without realizing it. Once this PR merges these 4 files are proper pointers, so the phantom diff shouldn't recur for them anyway; the note is most useful as forward-looking prevention.

```suggestion
Because videos are stored in Git LFS, install and initialize Git LFS (`git lfs install`) before adding or replacing a video so it goes through the LFS filter. If you ever see a "phantom diff" on a video file you didn't touch, it means that file was committed as raw binary instead of an LFS pointer. Don't commit the change into an unrelated PR: run `git restore <file>` to clear it locally, and flag the file so it can be re-added through LFS on its own.
```

This keeps the useful breadcrumb, points contributors at "discard and report" instead of "add and commit," and frames it as prevention rather than an expected ongoing state.
